Today we will let you know how easy it is to print 3D objects.
Let's choose a model to print first. There are many model files available for download on this Thingiverse.com website.
We also offer some models from Voltivo, check out our page!
First we choose the Caseking key ring, which is our own model.
Download the model to your computer and prepare to print the pre-job.
The next step is to "slice" the model, which is to slice the 3D model file into many stacks.
Then output a file called GCODE, and wait for it to be sent to the 3D printer.
As you can see, we design the interior of the object to be hollow, which saves material and is not visible from the outside.
We print today in ExcelFilTM sky blue. This printer uses a wire with a diameter of 1.75 mm.
Due to the hygroscopic nature of the wire, our wire is carefully vacuum sealed for protection during transport.
Each line volume provides a QR code to guide you to the official technical support website.
We tested our wires in large numbers to find the correct print temperature for the user.
This saves you time. You don't have to experiment like using other manufacturers' wires.
This 3D printed reel holder can be downloaded from our Thingiverse.com page!
Wire diameter accuracy is an important factor in determining whether a print surface is smooth. High precision also avoids printer jamming.
Our wire precision tolerance is only 0.05 mm! This is the industry leading specification!
This is our new product "Wire Dust Removal Block", which is simple and effective.
Can be used to prevent dust, hair and other debris from entering your printer nozzle.
Both 3 mm and 1.75 mm wires are suitable.
Let us start printing now!
It is now set to print at a speed of 90 mm/sec.
We tested the ExcelFilTM wire at 200 mm/sec on the modified Ultimaker printer.
This is faster than most printers currently on the market.
The print quality of the first layer is very important.
Optimized, ExcelFilTM adheres well to aluminum, glass, ceramic and polyamide (Kapton) surfaces.
Let's go fast.
The print is complete! Let's take a look.
The surface of the object looks very clean and does not require post processing.
String it on the key.
You can also help yourself! The object download link is in the description of the movie.